docs: SSM document default logging case (#85)
masterpointio/terraform-aws-ssm-agent: README.md

This is intended to be used with SSM Session Manager and other SSM functionality to replace the need for a Bastion host and further secure your cloud environment. This includes an SSM document to enable session logging to S3 and CloudWatch for auditing purposes.

> [!NOTE]

> For awareness, `aws ssm start-session --target` without `--document-name` falls back to the default `SSM-SessionManagerRunShell`. If the document’s name created by this module differs, logging preferences won't be respected by CLI & console sessions — AWS only lets you pick a [non-default document per-command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/getting-started-specify-session-document.html). If you keep the default name but AWS already auto-created it, Terraform won't adopt it and will error on the conflict.

Reviewer: @oycyc I may not be fully grokking this so apologies if this question is stupid, but is the best option for this module to *always* use the default of `SSM_SessionManagerRunShell` then so they can't conflict / diverge? I imagine we customize that document name through label components?

Author: @Gowiem happy to have the convo as this "simple" thing was hours of digging back and forth, and I'd want to see a fresh perspective too to shape this message clearly:
* The best option is for the module to use the default `SSM_SessionManagerRunShell` yes, which is already the default in `variables.tf`. 
  * BUT! AWS creates that document already automatically whenever anyone uses SSM Start Session with some plain boilerplate. So Terraform will always error out saying the name is already taken, unless there's it's a fresh account/region.
* If there are multiple instantiations of this child module, same thing. In those cases, they can turn off `create_run_shell_document` in the second instantiation. `session_logging_enabled`, even if true, is useless because it will all fall back to the default document (so it's impossible by default, to send logs to bucketA for EC2 A, and bucketB for EC2 B, unless the user specifies the `--document-name` flag.

No need to use so much brain effort on this if it's getting too complicated -- it's quite a particular case if one wants strict compliance/audit logging and a deep rabbit hole.

> For awareness, `aws ssm start-session --target` without `--document-name` falls back to the account's default `SSM-SessionManagerRunShell` document. Logging preferences defined by this module is ignored by those sessions (and console sessions) — AWS only lets you pick a [non-default document per-command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/getting-started-specify-session-document.html). If you keep the default name but AWS already auto-created `SSM-SessionManagerRunShell`, Terraform won't adopt it and will error on the conflict.

Author: ```suggestion
For awareness, `aws ssm start-session --target` without `--document-name` falls back to the default `SSM-SessionManagerRunShell`. If the document’s name created by this module differs, logging preferences won't be respected by CLI & console sessions — AWS only lets you pick a [non-default document per-command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/getting-started-specify-session-document.html). If you keep the default name but AWS already auto-created it, Terraform won't adopt it and will error on the conflict.
```
